Lamb Xiaoer, why are you here?
You are also qualified to eat a court meeting
lamb
Nai Zhen Special Zhao
Lamb Guanzhong big man locust eggs flooding
Only disaster prevention appears
What's your plan?
Your Majesty can only be a child of the emperor
Never even met the emperor
How could he possibly marry Huang Chong?
I've been talking about it.
All his blind boxes Wang Lao General
A man's words are better than a daughter's
Then it's a deal.
This lamb has never even seen the imperial city
I have dealt with the emperor's way
Impossible absolutely impossible
Your Majesty
I have a plan
Or it can wipe out the entire Guanzhong yellow disaster
Lamb, what can you say boldly?
Don't worry about the consequences
I and the people love you
self-consideration
That being the case, the minister put forward a few conditions
But before that
I need to make sure
The above-mentioned memorials of the sheriff of Guanzhong
This yellow disaster has already broken out
Or is it just a large number of eggs that have not yet exploded?
It hasn't exploded yet.
They're eggs.
But it can make Liu Wu Shangshu let the court make countermeasures
This number must be
Lord Gao, a large number of insect eggs will definitely break out in an insect plague
And these eggs are buried deep in the ground and difficult to eradicate
What's the difference between the two?
Mr. Cui, you don't know something
The difference is huge
If flying yellow sweeps over the sky
There are few ways to deal with it
You can only start from the disaster
If only a large number of eggs have not yet erupted
There's a lot going on there.
There are three taboos for ministers
Three taboos
It will definitely delay the yellow disaster in Guanzhong
The first taboo is to catch
How to catch
The court can issue decrees
The people hunted locusts in the fields
Caught locusts
Grain can be exchanged for a certain proportion
quit
The common people in the class went out after hearing the wind
Some people and Gundam people have any tricks
I didn't expect it to be ridiculous
How can this plan be made?
I know this field is crazy
Can't catch
Even if the court is captured
How do you compare the yellow worm with the grain?
The contrast is low, the cabbage doesn't move at all
The comparison is high, the court can't spend much food
What's the use of this yellow bug?
Your Majesty, the swallow has not yet seen the imperial city
In a moment, he said a generous policy
Your Majesty, forgive me.
After the minister returns to the government, he will definitely be strictly disciplined
It doesn't matter if the yellow disaster is difficult to solve since ancient times
However, lamb, your strategy is indeed poisonous
Grain for locusts
These locusts, it's useless.
Your Majesty, who says locusts are useless?